.ig
Copyright (C) 2006,2007,2008 by Alexander Tenbusch

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option)
any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation,
Inc., 59 Temple Place - Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111-1307, USA.  
..
.TH CXPROC 1 "31 December 2007" "cxproc Version 0.5"
.SH NAME
cxproc \- Configurable Xml PROCessor
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nr a \n(.j
.ad l
.nr i \n(.i
.in +\w'\fBcxproc 'u
.ti \niu
.\" .
.B cxproc
.de OP
.ie \\n(.$-1 .RI "[\ \fB\\$1\fP" "\\$2" "\ ]"
.el .RB "[\ " "\\$1" "\ ]"
..
.RI "[pie2html.xsl .\|.\|.\ ] < test.txt"
.PP
.\" .
.B cxproc
.de OP
.ie \\n(.$-1 .RI "[\ \fB\\$1\fP" "\\$2" "\ ]"
.el .RB "[\ " "\\$1" "\ ]"
..
.RI "/tmp/abc .\|.\|."
.PP
.\" .
.B cxproc
.de OP
.ie \\n(.$-1 .RI "[\ \fB\\$1\fP" "\\$2" "\ ]"
.el .RB "[\ " "\\$1" "\ ]"
..
.RI "2007 [.\|.\|.\ ]"
.PP
.\" .
.B cxproc
.de OP
.ie \\n(.$-1 .RI "[\ \fB\\$1\fP" "\\$2" "\ ]"
.el .RB "[\ " "\\$1" "\ ]"
..
.RI "config.cxp"
.PP
.\" .
.RI "any other argument shows a short help message"
.PP
.\" .
.ad \na
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.B cxproc
program has different operating modes. When calling
.B cxproc
command without any argument it reads the stdin as plain text file and prints a XML formatted output to stdout.
.PP
.\" .
If the arguments are directory paths the program prints a XML listing of the directory.
.PP
.\" .
When the first argument is an integer larger than 1900 you will get a calendar in XML.
.PP
.\" .
For more complex transformations write make-like instructions into a 
.B cxp
file.
.PP
.\" .
The elements of these XML format you will find in the distributed DTDs and samples.
.PP
.\" .
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
.SM
.B CXP_PATH
A semicolon separated list of directories in which to search for the given 
.B xsl
files.
.SH NOTES
Additional informatations are at 
.B http://www.tenbusch.info/cxproc
.
.\" .SH "SEE ALSO"
.\" .
.\" Local Variables:
.\" mode: cxproc
.\" End:
